Original Regular Season Schedules

These schedule files contain the originally planned schedules for each major league season from 1877 through 2020. There was no published schedule available for the 1876 season. Schedules were obtained from different sources, such as The Sporting News Baseball Guide and the New York Times. Occasionally there were disagreements between these sources which were then subjected to careful research. The basic format is parallel to that of the Retrosheet Game Logs, with fewer fields. The file format is described below.

Data collection was done by Paul Rivard and Walter and Kathy LeConte. Proofing of the schedules was done by Dave Lamoureaux, Jim Herdman, Cliff Blau, Sheldon Miller, Jon Rickert, Gary Pearce, Jim Wohlenhaus, Dave Smith and Paul Rivard. Frank Vaccaro has donated his research on postponed games, which has been incorporated into the schedules.

The data on postponements were compiled by David Vincent after Dave Smith systematically identified the games that were not played as scheduled. The makeup dates were determined and added to the original date,thus producing the final set of files that are presented here.

Walter LeConte wrote an analysis of the 1995 season schedules, found here.

Note that the 2020 ZIP archive has two schedules within it. The first, named "2020orig.txt" has the schedule as it was planned before the pandemic. The seoncd file, "2020rev.txt" is the revised version with the shortened schedule (60 games per team) released by MLB in early July of 2020,

Fields and their descriptions

Field(s)      Meaning
   1          Date in the form "yyyymmdd"
   2          Number of game:
                     "0" - a single game
                     "1" - the first game of a double header including separate admission doubleheaders
                     "2" - the second game of a double header including separate admission doubleheaders
   3          Day of week("Sun","Mon","Tue","Wed","Thu","Fri","Sat")
   4-5        Visiting team and league
   6          Season game number for visiting team
   7-8        Home team and league
   9          Season game number for home team
   10         Day (D), Night (N), Afternoon (A), Evening (E for twinight)
   11         Postponement/cancellation indicator (more detail below)
   12         Date of makeup if played in the form "yyyymmdd" (more detail below)

Field 11 explanation

This field will contain one or more phrases related to the game if it was
not played as scheduled. If there is more than one phrase, they are separated
by a semi-colon (";"). There are three possible outcomes for games not played
on the originally scheduled date:


    The game was played on another date
    The game was played on the original date but at another site
    The game was not played
    This field can contain one or more standard phrases:
    No Makeup played
    Site Change
    Played at XXX (where XXX is team/city code)
    Rain
    Cold
    Snow
    Threatening weather
    Inclement weather
    Hurricane XXX (where XXX is the name of the hurricane)
    Wet grounds
    Darkness
    Power failure
    Lighting failure
    Schedule change
    World War I
    9/11 attack
    Stadium ... (damage or others words follow)
    Strike
    Sunday game stopped
    Sunday curfew
    Accommodate large crowd
    XXX folded (where XXX is team code)
    XXX played as YYY (where XXX & YYY are team codes)
    XXX home team (where XXX is team code; used for games at alternate site)
    Death of ...
    Funeral of ...
    Unknown reason



Field 12 explanation

This field will contain a makeup date if the postponed game was played at
another time or place. If an attempt was known to have been made on a date but
postponed again, that date will be listed. In that case, there will be a second
date for the date when the game was actually played, in this form: "20150428;
20150528" For the note about a team folding, the team code is one of the
standard Retrosheet team IDs. The same is true for the team played as note.
Often, the two of these are combined in one field. The teams that folded are:

   Team/Lg       Last Game
   SR1 NL        9/10/1879
   TRN NL        9/20/1879
   ALT UA        5/31/1884 [moved to KCU 6/07]
   CHU UA        9/18/1884 [moved to MLU 9/27]
   PHU UA        8/07/1884 [moved to WIL 8/18 to 9/12; moved to SPU 9/27]
   WS7 AA        8/02/1884 [moved to RIC 8/05]
   BR4 AA        8/25/1890 [moved to BL3 8/27]
   CN3 AA        8/16/1891 [moved to ML3 8/18]

Any questions or concerns should be sent to the web master.

Original Regular Season Schedules (available years in bold)

                                    1876  1877  1878  1879

1880  1881  1882  1883  1884  1885  1886  1887  1888  1889  

1890  1891  1892  1893  1894  1895  1896  1897  1898  1899  

1900  1901  1902  1903  1904  1905  1906  1907  1908  1909

1910  1911  1912  1913  1914  1915  1916  1917  1918  1919 

1920  1921  1922  1923  1924  1925  1926  1927  1928  1929

1930  1931  1932  1933  1934  1935  1936  1937  1938  1939

1940  1941  1942  1943  1944  1945  1946  1947  1948  1949

1950  1951  1952  1953  1954  1955  1956  1957  1958  1959

1960  1961  1962  1963  1964  1965  1966  1967  1968  1969

1970  1971  1972  1973  1974  1975  1976  1977  1978  1979

1980  1981  1982  1983  1984  1985  1986  1987  1988  1989

1990  1991  1992  1993  1994  1995  1996  1997  1998  1999

2000  2001  2002  2003  2004  2005  2006  2007  2008  2009

2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019

2020

Downloading the Schedules


There is one ZIP
file that contains individual text files for each season (1877 - present) and a
text file that contains all years. In addition, this descriptive text is
included as a PDF. 


Schedules


Recipients of Retrosheet data are free to make any desired use of the
information, including (but not limited to) selling it, giving it away, or
producing a commercial product based upon the data. Retrosheet has one
requirement for any such transfer of data or product evelopment, which is that
the following statement must appear prominently: 


      The information used here was obtained free of
      charge from and is copyrighted by Retrosheet.
      Interested parties may contact Retrosheet at
      20 Sunset Rd., Newark, DE 19711.



You
can copy this statement and paste it into your document or 



click here 



to display the text of the statement. Then you can save it to a file using the
"Save As..." command under the file menu in your browser. Retrosheet
makes no guarantees of accuracy for the information that is supplied. Much
effort is expended to make our website as correct as possible, but Retrosheet
shall not be held responsible for any consequences arising from the use the
material presented here. All information is subject to corrections as
additional data are received. We are grateful to anyone who discovers
discrepancies and we appreciate learning of the details.



Top of page  



Page updated 7/13/2020

All data contained at this site is copyright 1996-2020 by Retrosheet. All Rights
Reserved.







